BORLAND VISIBROKER PRODUCTS V4.5

BORLAND NO-NONSENSE LICENSE STATEMENT AND LIMITED WARRANTY

IMPORTANT - READ CAREFULLY
The BorlandVisiBroker 4.5 software product is made up of the following 
products (all of which constitute the "Software") including any software, 
media, and accompanying on-line or printed documentation: VisiBroker 4.5.  
The Software is licensed, not sold, by Borland Software Corporation ("Borland") to the
individual or organization named in your invoice ("you").  Your use of the 
Software is contingent upon payment of the applicable license fees.

This license statement and limited warranty constitutes a legal agreement 
("License Agreement") between you and Borland for the Software.  BY 
INSTALLING, COPYING, OR OTHERWISE USING THE SOFTWARE, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY ALL OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE LICENSE AGREEMENT.  If you are the 
original purchaser and you do not agree with the terms and conditions of the 
License Agreement, promptly return the unused Software to the place from which
you obtained it for a full refund.

Upon your acceptance of the terms and conditions of the License Agreement, 
Borland grants you the right to use the Software for your own internal data 
processing purposes in the manner provided herein and subject to the following
license type and number restrictions:

(a)  Your invoice will show the number of licenses, by license type, for the 
Software you have acquired from Borland.  The total number of Software copies 
used by you may not exceed the number of licenses acquired by you for the 
specified license type.  Your use of the Software is restricted by license 
type as follows:

(i)  NAMED USER (development use only) - a specific named person is permitted 
to use the Software for development purposes only; to deploy a particular 
application program created with the Software, you must first obtain from 
Borland one of the following deployment licenses for each deployment of the 
particular application program,
(ii)  CONCURRENT USER (non-development, deployment use only) - each copy of 
the Software is permitted to be accessed at any one time by no more than the 
number of users licensed for that particular copy of the Software running on a
particular machine,
(iii)  MACHINE (non-development, deployment use only) - a specific hardware 
system as designated on your invoice is permitted to run the Software, and
(iv)  MACHINE, BY NUMBER OF PROCESSORS (non-development, deployment use only) 
- a specific hardware system having a specific number of processors as 
designated on your invoice is permitted to run the Software.

(b)  You may acquire additional licenses from Borland.  Only licensed users 
for whom the licenses have been acquired may use the Software.

(c)  Only licensed users may make copies of the Software for their backup 
purposes.

(d)  Only licensed users may access the Software over a network.

(e)  If this license was acquired for evaluation or demonstration purposes, 
your license is for a term of sixty (60) days from the date the Software was 
installed ("Evaluation Period 1").  At the end of Evaluation Period 1, further
use of the Software by you is prohibited without the purchase of a permanent 
license.  If you are not interested in purchasing a license for the Software 
at the end of Evaluation Period 1, you hereby agree to remove the Software 
from all computer systems on which it was installed and to destroy any 
software and documentation received. You may request an extension to 
Evaluation Period 1 by contacting your sales representative.

(f)  If you paid for a license to only part of the Software you may be given a
software key which gives you access to all parts/components included in the 
Software.  Your use of the parts for which you have received such software 
and for which you have not paid the applicable license fee shall be for 
evaluation and demonstration purposes, for a term of sixty (60) days from the 
date you were provided the software key ("Evaluation Period 2").  At the end 
of Evaluation Period 2, further use of the Software by you is prohibited 
without the purchase of a permanent license for those Software parts you wish 
to continue to use.  If you are not interested in purchasing a license for 
such Software at the end of Evaluation Period 2, your license to such Software
shall terminate and you hereby agree to cease using such Software.

The Software is owned by Borland or its suppliers and is protected by 
copyright law and international copyright treaty.  Therefore, you must treat 
the Software like any other copyrighted material (e.g., a book), except that 
you may either make one copy of the Software solely for backup or archival 
purposes or transfer the Software to a single hard disk provided you keep the 
original solely for backup or archival purposes.

You may not transfer the Software and documentation on a permanent basis to 
another individual or organization without obtaining the prior written 
approval of Borland.   Any approved transferee agrees to be bound by this 
License Agreement and shall submit to Borland a new registration form 
identifying the machine(s) and user(s) to which the Software will be 
transferred.

Except as provided in the License Agreement, you may not transfer, rent, 
lease, lend, copy, modify, translate, sublicense, time-share or electronically
transmit or receive the Software, media or documentation.  You acknowledge 
that the Software in source code form remains a confidential trade secret of 
Borland and/or its suppliers and therefore you agree not to modify the 
Software or attempt to reverse engineer, decompile, or disassemble the 
Software, except and only to the extent that such activity is expressly 
permitted by applicable law notwithstanding this limitation. You agree not to 
disclose the results of benchmark or other performance test run on the Software 
to any third party without Borland's prior written consent.

Upon Borland's written request, you shall furnish Borland with a signed 
certificate (a) verifying that the Software is being used fully in accordance 
with this License Agreement, including user and machine limitations, and (b) 
listing the locations, types and serial numbers of equipment on which the 
Software is run.  Borland may conduct an audit to determine (i) the number of 
copies of the Software in your possession, (ii) the equipment in or upon which
the Software is installed and used, (iii) the number of users using the 
Software, and (iv) whether the Software is being used beyond the applicable 
Evaluation Period without payment of the applicable license fee.  Audits shall
be conducted during your normal business hours at Borland's expense and so as 
not to interfere unduly with your business.  If an audit reveals any unpaid or
underpaid fees due to Borland, you shall be invoiced for them based upon 
Borland's price list then in effect and, if the unpaid or underpaid fees shall
exceed 5% of the license fees paid, you shall also be invoiced for the cost of
Borland's audit.

If you have purchased an upgrade version of the Software, it constitutes a 
single product with the Borland software that you upgraded.  You may use or 
transfer the upgrade version of the Software only in accordance with the 
License Agreement.

EXPORT CONTROLS
This Software cannot be exported or re-exported into (or to a national or resident of) Cuba, Iraq, Libya, Sudan, North Korea, Iran, Syria, or any other country to which the United States has embargoed goods; or to anyone on the United States Treasury Department's list of Specially Designated Nationals, the United States Commerce Department's Entity List, or the United States Commerce Department's Denied Parties list. You agree to the foregoing and you are representing and warranting that you are not located in, under the control of, or a national or resident of any such country or on any such list. In addition, you are responsible for complying with any local laws  in your jurisdiction which may impact your right to import, export or use this Software.

GENERAL TERMS THAT APPLY TO COMPILED PROGRAMS AND REDISTRIBUTABLES
If you have purchased a development license, you may write and compile 
(including byte-code compile) your own application programs using the 
Software, including any libraries and source code included for such purpose 
with the Software.  If you have purchased a deployment license, you may 
reproduce and distribute, in executable form only, programs which you create 
using the Software, up to the number and type for which you are licensed 
subject to all of the conditions in this License Agreement.

Borland products that are licensed for deployment may include certain files 
("Redistributables") intended for distribution by you to the users of programs
you create.  Redistributables include, for example, those files identified in 
the accompanying printed or on-line documentation as redistributable files, 
those files preselected for deployment by an install utility provided with the
Software (if any), or those files pre-selected by a third party install 
utility which operates under control of an install script which Borland has 
certified (if any) for use by licensed users of this Software for deploying 
applications.  In any event, the Redistributables for the Software are only 
those files specifically designated as such by Borland.  From time to time, 
Borland may designate other files as Redistributables.  You should refer to 
the documentation, including any "readme" or "deploy" files included with the 
Software, for additional information.

If you have purchased a deployment license and subject to all of the 
conditions in this License Agreement, you may reproduce and distribute exact 
copies of the Redistributables, provided that such copies are made from the 
original copy of the Software or the copy transferred to the single hard disk.
Copies of Redistributables may only be distributed with and for the sole 
purpose of executing application programs permitted under this License 
Agreement that you have created using the Software.  Under no circumstances 
may any copies of Redistributables be distributed separately.  Regardless of 
any modifications which you make and regardless of how you might compile, 
link, and/or package your programs, under no circumstances may the libraries 
(including runtime libraries), code, Redistributables, and/or other files of 
the Software (including any portions thereof) be used for developing programs 
by anyone other than you.  Only you as the licensed user (or the Named User 
for your entity) have the right to use the libraries (including runtime 
libraries), code, Redistributables, or other files of the Software (or any 
portions thereof) for developing programs created with the Software.  In 
particular, you may not share copies of the Redistributables with other 
co-developers.  You may only reproduce Borland documentation and distribute 
such documentation to Named Users within your company if you have paid the 
applicable fee.

The license granted herein for you to create your own compiled programs and 
distribute your programs and the Redistributables (if any) is subject to all 
of the following conditions:  (i) you have purchased from Borland a deployment
license that is appropriate for your deployment; (ii) all copies of the 
programs you create must bear a valid copyright notice, either your own or the
Borland copyright notice that appears on the Software; (iii) you may not 
remove or alter any Borland copyright, trademark or other proprietary rights 
notice contained in any portion of Borland libraries, source code, 
Redistributables or other files that bear such a notice;  (iv) Borland 
provides no warranty at all to any person, other than the Limited Warranty 
provided to the original purchaser of the Software, and you will remain solely
responsible to anyone receiving your programs for support, service, upgrades, 
or technical or other assistance, and such recipients will have no right to 
contact Borland for such services or assistance;  (v) you will indemnify and 
hold Borland, its related companies and its suppliers, harmless from and 
against any claims or liabilities arising out of the use, reproduction or 
distribution of your programs;  (vi) your programs must be written using a 
licensed, registered copy of the Software;  (vii) your programs must add 
primary and substantial functionality, and may not be merely a set or subset 
of any of the libraries (including runtime libraries), code, Redistributables 
or other files of the Software; (viii) regardless of any modifications which 
you make and regardless of how you might compile, link, or package your 
programs, the libraries (including runtime libraries), code, Redistributables,
and/or other files of the Software (including any portions thereof) may not be
used in programs created by your end users (i.e., users of your programs) and 
may not be further redistributed by your end users; and (ix) you may not use 
Borland's or any of its suppliers' names, logos, or trademarks to market your 
programs, except to state that your program was written using the Software.

The Software might include source code, redistributable files, and/or other 
files provided by a third party vendor ("Third Party Software").  Since use 
of Third Party Software might be subject to license restrictions imposed by 
the third party vendor, you should refer to the on-line documentation (if any)
provided with Third Party Software for any license restrictions imposed by the
third party vendor.  In any event, any license restrictions imposed by a third
party vendor are in addition to, not in lieu of, the terms and conditions of 
the License Agreement.

All Borland libraries, source code, Redistributables and other files remain 
Borland's exclusive property.  Regardless of any modifications that you make, 
you may not distribute any files (particularly Borland source code and other 
non-executable files) except those that Borland has expressly designated as 
Redistributables.  Nothing in the License Agreement permits you to derive the 
source code of files that Borland has provided to you in executable form only,
or to reproduce, modify, use, or distribute the source code of such files.

Contact Borland for the applicable royalties due and other licensing terms for
all other uses and/or distribution of the Redistributables.

LIMITED WARRANTY
Except with respect to the Redistributables, which are provided "as is," 
without warranty of any kind, Borland warrants that the Software, as updated 
and when properly used, will perform substantially in accordance with the 
accompanying documentation, and the Software media will be free from defects 
in materials and workmanship, for a period of ninety (90) days from the date 
of receipt.  Any implied warranties on the Software are limited to ninety (90)
days.  Some states/jurisdictions do not allow limitations on duration of an 
implied warranty, so the above limitation may not apply to you.

Borland's and its suppliers' entire liability and your exclusive remedy shall 
be, at Borland's option, either (a) return of the price paid, or (b) repair or
replacement of the Software that does not meet Borland's Limited Warranty and 
which is returned to Borland with a copy of your receipt.  DO NOT RETURN ANY 
PRODUCT UNTIL YOU HAVE CALLED THE BORLAND CUSTOMER SERVICE 
DEPARTMENT AND OBTAINED A RETURN AUTHORIZATION NUMBER.  
This Limited Warranty is void if failure of the Software has resulted from accident, 
abuse, or misapplication. Any replacement Software will be warranted for the remainder 
of the original warranty period or thirty (30) days, whichever is longer.  Outside the United 
States, neither these remedies nor any product support services offered by 
Borland are available without proof of purchase from an authorized non-U.S. 
source.

TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, BORLAND AND ITS SUPPLIERS DISCLAIM ALL OTHER WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT, WITH REGARD TO THE  SOFTWARE, AND THE PROVISION OF OR FAILURE TO PROVIDE SUPPORT SERVICES. THIS LIMITED WARRANTY GIVES YOU SPECIFIC LEGAL RIGHTS. YOU MAY HAVE OTHERS, WHICH VARY FROM STATE/JURISDICTION TO STATE/JURISDICTION.

LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL BORLAND OR ITS SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, OR 
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF BUSINESS PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF BUSINESS INFORMATION, OR ANY OTHER PECUNIARY LOSS) ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT OR THE PROVISION OF OR FAILURE TO PROVIDE SUPPORT SERVICES, EVEN IF BORLAND HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. IN ANY CASE, BORLAND'S AND ITS SUPPLIERS' ENTIRE LIABILITY UNDER ANY PROVISION OF THIS LICENSE AGREEMENT SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE GREATER OF THE AMOUNT ACTUALLY PAID BY YOU FOR THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT OR U.S. $25; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, IF YOU HAVE ENTERED INTO AN BORLAND SUPPORT SERVICES AGREEMENT, BORLAND'S AND ITS SUPPLIERS' ENTIRE LIABILITY REGARDING SUPPORT SERVICES SHALL BE GOVERNED BY THE TERMS OF THAT AGREEMENT. BECAUSE SOME STATES AND JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY, THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

HIGH RISK ACTIVITIES
The Software is not fault-tolerant and is not designed, manufactured or 
intended for use or resale as on-line control equipment in hazardous 
environments requiring fail-safe performance, such as in the operation of 
nuclear facilities, aircraft navigation or communication systems, air traffic 
control, direct life support machines, or weapons systems, in which the 
failure of the Software could lead directly to death, personal injury, or 
severe physical or environmental damage ("High Risk Activities"). Borland and 
its suppliers specifically disclaim any express or implied warranty of fitness
for High Risk Activities.

U.S. GOVERNMENT RESTRICTED RIGHTS
The Product and any accompanying documentation are "Commercial Items", as that term is defined at 48 CFR Section 2.101, consisting of "Commercial Computer Software" and "Commercial Computer Software Documentation", as such terms are used in 48 CFR Sections 12.212 and 227.7202, as applicable. Consistent with 48 CFR Sections 12.212 or 227.7202-1 through 227.7202-4, as applicable, the Commercial Computer Software and Commercial Computer Software Documentation are being licensed to U.S. Government end users (a) only as Commercial Items and (b) with only those rights as are granted to all other end users pursuant to the terms and conditions herein. Unpublished rights reserved under the copyright laws of the United States. Manufacturer is Borland Software Corporation, 100 Enterprise Way, Scotts Valley, CA 95066-3249.

TERM AND TERMINATION
Your license to use the Software shall become effective on the date you agree to the terms and conditions of this License Agreement.  Your license to use the Software shall terminate automatically if you fail to comply with the limitations described in this license.  No notice shall be required from Borland to effectuate such termination.  Upon expiration or termination of this Agreement for any reason, you shall make no further use of the Software and shall destroy all copies of the Software on all systems, in all forms, in all types of media and computer memory, and whether or not modified or combined with other materials unless, during the term of this Agreement, you have obtained a license to use the Software from Borland under a separate agreement.

GENERAL PROVISIONS
This License Agreement represents the entire agreement between you and Borland
with respect to the Software.  All terms of any purchase order or other 
ordering document shall be superseded by this License Agreement.  This License
Agreement may only be modified in writing signed by you and an authorized 
officer of Borland.  If any provision of the License Agreement is found void 
or unenforceable, the remainder will remain valid and enforceable according to
its terms.  If any remedy provided is determined to have failed for its 
essential purpose, all limitations of liability and exclusions of damages set 
forth in this License Agreement shall remain in effect. This License Agreement shall 
not be governed by the United Nations Convention of Contracts for the International 
Sale of Goods, the application of which is hereby expressly excluded.

The License Agreement shall be construed, interpreted and governed by the laws
of the State of California, U.S.A.  The License Agreement gives you specific 
legal rights; you may have others which vary from state to state and from 
country to country.  Borland reserves all rights not specifically granted in 
the License Agreement.

12-Mar-2001
